Reynor sighed as he stepped off of his medivac on Mar Sara.
Behind him dropped a squadron of 20 marines, all armed to the teeth with
C-14 gauss rifles. The blue and red painted medivac flew away as it
dropped off the last of its payload, boosting away off into the distance,
afterburners flaring bright.

This was Reynor’s third “liberation” mission this month, and he was getting bloody tired of it. Every time, his squad was met with cheers from people who believed he was liberating them from the Dominion. Applause erupted whenever Reynor’s raiders shot down another imperial marine. In reality, the citizens’ high spirits wouldn’t last. It always took only a few short months for the Empire to take back control of the city, and place back regulations stricter than before. Citizens once forced to work for the Dominion were placed in near-slavery conditions once the empire retook their towns, and Reynor wondered whether he was truly doing the right thing. Giving these people an iota of hope for a few months, only for it to be taken away from them again.

No, Reynor decided. The only way to win the war was to destroy the Dominion in its entirety. The only way this could be feasibly accomplished is if he could instill an insurrection from within. The Dominion’s forces were far too large and well-armed. To the empire, Reynor’s group was nothing more than a mote. If Reynor could stir up more chaos within the Empire, however, there was no way the Emperor could deal with thirty billion rebellious citizens.

As he finished up his train of thought, the last of the marines joined him on Mar Sara soil. This mission was to be a short one - few Imperial defenses were expected. Mar Sara was a desert planet on the very outside of the Galactic Rim, a backwater town with few resources. This would hopefully be quick.

As Reynor and his boys approached Mar Sara’s capital’s gate, signs of
rebellion could already be seen. Spray paint, in big angry green letters,
marked the door as “SEWER GATE.” The usually neat guard posts were defaced.
Someone had stolen all of the security cameras facing the front of the wall,
forcing the Imperial Guardsmen to watch the entrances physically at the gate.

At the moment, fortunately for Reynor, both Guardsmen were asleep.
Not wanting to set off any alarms, Reynor switched his rifle’s feed
to tranquilizing ammunition, and fired twice at each of the guards.

With the two safely neutralized, Reynor could enter the city proper.
Pushing open the heavy steel doors, he and his squad moved into
the city's front guard tower. Reynor knew from the time he spent working
as a Marshal for the Dominion that city gate control was standardized.
Each tower controlled the doors it was facing. Normally, access to open
the city gates was restricted to guard members or other high-ranking military members.
Fortunately, Reynor was a high-ranking military member.
According to the Dominion's databases, he still was.

He drew up his holo-comm and spoke into it.
"Take it away, Stetmann."
"Good to go, sir!" came the reply.
With a hiss of hydraulics, the heavy steel doors facing the tower opened.
"Just to let you know, sir, I've also disabled the camera feeds,
so you shouldn't have any trouble with the Imperial police."
"Thanks, Stetmann."
Reynor liked the kid. Only an intern of 16, Stetmann proved himself
to be invaluable on raiding missions.

Focusing back on the mission, Reynor led his troops outside into
the outskirts of Mar Sara. As his group stepped clear of the entrance,
he scanned around to see if any Marines had noticed their ingress.
Apparently not. Stetmann had done a thorough job.

"We're going through the danger zone, Boys." Reynor reminded his troops.
"Try to avoid opening fire or attracting attention unless you have to.
We're going through civilian areas - switch off your explosive ammo."
His highly-trained marines nodded in silent acknowledgement, some immediately
changing the feeds on their rifles.
"Let's go."

Moving through the city, Reynor found the streets bustling with people.
Many of them didn't bat an eye at the Marines. The Dominion had so many troops
moving around their planets that C&C suits and surprise firefights were no
stranger to most of the Empire's civilians. This was sad, but also helpful for
covering Reynor's trail.

As he moved along, he saw Dominion holo-boards in the middle of most streets.
"Pledge your allegiance to the Empire," one read, covered with a cheery image
of the Emperor pointing at the reader. "Mine for Merit!" read another.

All of them were monotonous and droll, he thought. The Dominion's propaganda wasn't particularly persuasive or inspiring, Reynor reflected.
You just got exposed to it so much that you started thinking the way they wanted you to think.

As he moved, he noticed a child catching up to him.

"Are you Marshal Reynor?"

To the dominion, Mar Sara was relatively irrelevant. What the Dominion didn’t know, though, was that the planet housed far greater treasures within it than could be ever glimpsed from the surface. Artifacts, millenia old, were dumped there unceremoniously by the Protoss Golden Armada during the Golden Age of Protoss rule. Many of these artifacts were mundane to the Protoss - drink manufacturers, repair drones. It’s unknown why the Protoss dumped their artifacts there, although Reynor suspected it was a security cache. Preliminary scans of the area told him very little - he would have to excavate the artifacts himself if he wanted more details about them.
